>> Kyle Simpson: The next feature that we
want to look at, one of the most highly
anticipated features that people got very,
very excited about.
As a matter of fact, this feature was
already excited more than two years before
it landed officially in the spec.
People were citing and using this
feature as if it was already there,
because of that level of excitement,
and that is the async function, and
also the await syntax inside of it.
So to give you a quick glimpse into
why we might need async functions,
and the await keyword inside of them.
Let's look at another feature that
landed in ES6, which was promises.
Promises are a way of representing
a future value in a time-independent way.
And so you can specify chains of
asynchronous steps, much like this.
I could call fetchCurrentUser, and then I
could call .then on the returned promise.
And when fetchCurrentUser finishes,
it would invoke the onUser and
provide me the user that was fetched.
And then I could fetch both
their archived orders and
their current orders, and wait for
all of those to come back, and
then move on to the next step, where
I then say print out the user orders.
This is what's called promise chaining,
and for a good year or
two was the pretty much accepted standard
for the new way of doing asynchronous
programming, instead of what we refer
to as the nested callback hell.
We can organize things into these
vertical chains of promises.
And I'll admit that, actually, for
a number of years, long before promises
even landed officially in ES6, for
a number of years I was very excited about
this syntax compared to its capabilities,
its equivalent in callbacks.
This is a much nicer syntax, or
at least it seemed that way.
But I'll tell you that
as things stand now,
I no longer think that we should be
writing promise chains like this.
Not that we shouldn't use promises,
they're great, but
I don't think that we should do .then
chains over and over and over again.
So, I now consider this to be
somewhat of anti-pattern, and
what replaces it is the async-sync
pattern that we get from async functions.
So let's start first,
before we understand async functions,
let's start with generators.
We talked a bit ago about generators.
Another way of thinking about
what a generator can do is that,
because there's an iterator
protocol attached to it,
it can pause itself by
virtue of the yield keyword.
So line two says,
fetch the current user, and
yield out the result of that,
which is a promise.
And then wait for that to come back.
And that's why I'm then able to say,
user =,
because that whole statement
pauses until we get a user bank.
The way it does the pausing
is actually that runner.
I'm using a library utility, and
there are dozens of them out there.
You may have heard of libraries like Co,
or Koa, or
Q, or Bluebird, or
other sorts of promise utility libraries.
They all have a utility on them which
is able to run generators as if
they're this sort of
asynchronous/synchronous tradeoff pattern.
Which means that if you yield
out a promise, it will wait for
it to resolve before resuming your
generator, and give you the value back.
So this syntax is much
more straightforward.
It's a very almost
synchronous-looking syntax.
I'm saying user = yield fetchCurrentUser.
And then I'm saying archivedOrders,
currentOrders = the fetched archivedOrders
and the fetched currentOrders.
And I'll just yield until those
asynchronous operations have finished.
This is what we call
the sync-async pattern.
And we could do this starting
with ES6 because we had promises,
and we had generators.
And so, many people started moving from
promise chains to this sync-async pattern.
The unfortunate part, of course, was
that you had to have a runner that could
manage that whole pause and
resume thing with the iterator for you.
And so almost this soon as ES6 was
landing with promises and generators,
people were saying, hey,
can you give me syntactic support for
doing that whole pause and resume thing
without needing a library runner?
And that is exactly what
the async function does.
The async function, now we use an await
keyword, instead of a yield keyword.
It does the same thing,
which is that it locally pauses while
that promise finishes resolving.
And once it finishes,
it gives us the value back.
So inside of async functions, all I
have to do is await on a promise, and
then get the value back.
And I have a very synchronous-looking
style with assignments, instead of
having to have this nested promise
chaining kind of style of programming.
And you'll notice down on line 13, all I
have to do is call the async function.
I don't need some library utility
to run the iterator for me.
Essentially they built the whole runner
thing into the JavaScript engine, and
they gave us this syntax for it.
So it's understandable why people have
been so excited about the async function,
is because this is so much vastly improved
of a syntax over callback hell, and
it's even more improved
over promise chains.
And so this is a style of asynchronous
programming that many people
are comfortable with, and
that want to be able to write, and
now we have first-class
syntactic support for it.
This shipped, by the way, the async
await functions shipped in ES 2017.
So they are in almost every browser that
you're likely to be using these days.
And in fact, they were in browsers
quite a bit earlier than that.
It's just it officially shipped
in the spec in early 2017.